This directory contains a series of small examples apps that illustrate how
to code up common use cases for a SLP wallet and managing tokens.

## Additional Resources

These SLP-related sites can help you in our journey to working with SLP tokens.

- [SLP-tokens.com](https://slp-tokens.com) - General information about SLP tokens.
- [Token Explorer](https://explorer.tokentiger.com/) - A SLP explorer that lets you examine tokens, addresses, and transactions related to SLP tokens. Provided by [TokenTiger.com](https://tokentiger.com).
- [Web Wallet](https://wallet.psfoundation.info) - An SLP-aware Bitcoin Cash wallet that works within a web browser. You can send and receive tokens with this web wallet.
- [SLP terminal wallet](https://github.com/Permissionless-Software-Foundation/psf-slp-wallet) - A command line wallet for managing tokens.

## Running Examples

You can run each example script by entering its directory and executing `npm start`

## General BCH Functions

- [create-wallet](./create-wallet) Create a SLP compatible HD Node wallet on
  the BCH mainnet. Send a small amount of BCH (0.0001 or more) to the address
  saved in the `wallet.json` file generated by this app. All other example apps
  read this `wallet.json` file.

- [check-balances](./check-balances) Check the balance of your BCH wallet. This
  displays both BCH information as well as SLP token information.

## SLP Token Functions

- [create-token](create-token) - Create a new SLP token class. Run the
  [create-wallet](create-wallet) example first, and fund your wallet with a few
  cents of BCH first.

- [mint-token](mint-token) - Mint additional SLP tokens for an existing class
  controlled by your wallet.

- [send-token](send-token) - Send tokens from your address to another address.

- [lookup-token](lookup-token) - Lookup token information based on the token `id`.

- [burn-tokens](burn-tokens) - Burn a specific amount of tokens.

- [burn-all](burn-all) - Burn all tokens for an address by tokenId.

- [conversion](conversion) - Convert between address formats.

## NFTs

Check out the [nft](nft) directory for information about SLP non-fungible tokens.